fix(linux): use resize cursor when within the defined inset for an undecorated webkitgtk window (#15701)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/webkitgtk-resize-cursor.md

---
'tauri-runtime-wry': 'patch:bug'
---

> Fix the resize cursor not being set correctly on Linux/WebKitGTK and prevent resize operations being overridden

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'tauri-runtime-wry': 'patch:bug'
'tauri': 'patch:bug'
---

On Linux, fix resize cursor for undecorated Window not being set correctly when mouse is over a resize edge.
```
